This notice initiates the Essential Fish Habitat (EFH)
consultation requirements of the Magnus-Stevens Fishery
Conservation and Management Act. The applicantâ€™s proposal would
result in the destruction or alteration of O_O of an acre of EFH
utilized by various life stages of red drum and penaeid shrimp.
Our initial determination is that the proposed action would not
have a substantial adverse impact on EFH or federally managed
fisheries in the Gulf of Mexico. Our final determination
relative to project impacts and the need for mitigation measures
is subject to review by and coordination with the National Marine

Fisheries Service.

If the proposed work involves deposits of dredged or fill
material into navigable waters, the evaluation of the probable
impacts will include the application of guidelines established by
the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and
certification that the proposed activity will not violate
applicable water quality standards will be required from the
Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality, Office of Water
Resources, before a permit is issued.

Any person may request, in writing, within the comment period
specified in this notice, that a public hearing be held to
consider this application. Requests for public hearings hall
state, with particularity, the reasons for holding a public

hearing.

You are requested to communicate the information contained in
this notice to any other parties whom you deem likely to have
interest in the matter.

Ronnie W. Duke
Chief, Western Evaluation Section

Regulatory Branch

Enclosures

